Welcome to the fifth lesson of the course.
This lesson is about establishing security defenses on computer systems.
By the end of the lesson,
you'll be able to explain ways to create and manage the security of a network,
computing environment, and applications.
It's the protect function from the NIST Cybersecurity Framework.
What you need to do for: reducing cybersecurity risks
such as data breaches and disclosure by layering defenses.
Preventing unauthorized access on your systems and networks.
Minimizing vulnerabilities by keeping your devices and applications updated.
Using email and the web safely.
The more you can automate these activities and establish
security procedures in these areas as a part of your normal routine,
the less chance you'll need to respond to or recover from a security incident.